#README for XMRIG
This module works along with DarnaV2 at : https://github.com/seapoe1809/Health_server

This Card allows you to configure and run an XMR rig to generate XMR tokens as part of Darna_local server. I feel the security features inbuilt into XMR is perfect for use in Health care to preserve an individuals identity.

WHY XMR in DARNA_LOCAL:

Healthcare organizations are bound by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) to ensure the security and privacy of individuals' health information. HIPAA establishes stringent guidelines and standards for safeguarding patient data, including electronic medical records and personal health information. This focus on data protection aligns naturally with the need for individuals to maintain their own security. Just as healthcare organizations are responsible for implementing robust security measures, individuals must take steps to protect their sensitive health data. This can involve practicing good cybersecurity hygiene, such as using strong passwords, enabling two-factor authentication, and being cautious with sharing personal information. By actively participating in their own security, individuals contribute to the overall goal of maintaining the privacy and integrity of healthcare data.

In the realm of financial privacy, the use of cryptocurrencies like Monero can play a role in enhancing users' security. Monero is a privacy-focused cryptocurrency that provides anonymity and obfuscation of transaction details. This can be particularly relevant in healthcare contexts where financial transactions may be involved, such as payment for medical services or insurance claims. By utilizing Monero, individuals can protect their financial privacy by preventing the linkage of their transactions to their real-world identities. This additional layer of security can be especially valuable in preserving confidentiality in healthcare transactions, minimizing the risk of sensitive financial information falling into the wrong hands. Consequently, the use of Monero aligns with both the principles of personal security and the broader objectives of maintaining privacy within the healthcare landscape.

In summary, the natural synchronization between healthcare security under HIPAA and individuals' security underscores the importance of safeguarding personal health information. By adhering to HIPAA guidelines, healthcare organizations demonstrate their commitment to protecting patient data. Simultaneously, individuals must be proactive in safeguarding their own data, employing secure practices and recognizing their role in maintaining privacy. Additionally, leveraging privacy-focused cryptocurrencies like Monero can further enhance financial security within healthcare transactions. Collectively, these measures contribute to the overarching goal of preserving confidentiality and fostering trust in the healthcare ecosystem.

HOW TO STOP THE CONTAINER: If you wish to stop the container for some reason. You could stop it from Yacht Local or go to terminal directly and type:

	docker ps -a #would list the name of container

To stop the container

	docker stop <container>
	
To permanently remove the container

	docker rm <container>
